feat: add logQlExpressionUsesFiltersFirst validator (#78)
FUSAKLA/promruval: CHANGELOG.md

- Added: :tada: **Support for validation of Loki rules!** Now you can validate Loki rules as well. First two validators are:
   - `expressionIsValidLogQL` to check if the expression is a valid LogQL query
   - `logQlExpressionUsesRangeAggregation` to check if the LogQL expression uses range aggregation

>    - `logQlExpressionUsesFiltersFirst` t ocheck if the LogQL expression uses filters first in the query since it is more efficient

Author: ```suggestion
   - `logQlExpressionUsesFiltersFirst` to check if the LogQL expression uses filters first in the query since it is more efficient
```
